CSGO matchmaking broken
so csgo is undoubtedly one of the most
competitive games in the history of
gaming but undoubtedly there is a lot of
issues plaguing matchmaking which is the
entry level to the game matchmaking has
underlying issues like 64 tix servers
and cheaters and both these issues are
addressed in third-party software such
as ESEA and sebo and that's how you know
it is bad when other companies have to
step in and then profit off your game by
just fixing things that you could most
likely easily fixed but of course these
things are in place for specific reasons
and if you want to take a look at 64
take it is there because guess what not
everyone's computer can handle 128 tick
I'm part of the pc master race I haven't
a thousand-dollar computer but not
everyone has that a thousand-dollar
computer and csgo primarily is the
easier game to run and I think that's
why it's so popular because a lot of
people can get into the game and I think
Val fears and a lot of other people fear
that if they instill 128 take servers a
lot of people won't be able to run the
game and if you want to talk about the
anti cheat vac is an ad cheat that's
been out for a while and a lot of people
are getting around it in hacking is
starting to become an issue in csgo a
while back valve proposed something
along the lives of making their anti
cheat more intrusive such as along the
lines of something like ESEA the reason
EAC a doesn't have hackers is because
the ante she is really intrusive and
we'll go through your files pretty much
to make sure you're not cheating when
val purposes though a lot of people
outside of the counter-strike community
who didn't even really play
counter-strike revolted and baljit
backed off and said we don't want any
parts of that so when you first start up
the game and you're going into it you're
most likely gonna play matchmaking and
you might have a sour experience because
it's ruined by a lot of factors such as
I say that like 64 tick where your
bullets don't seem to register as well
as they should and trust me if you only
played 64 take if you go check out a 128
tick on a community server or esc RC bo
you will notice a huge difference there
and also there's the problem of hacking
which is a huge issue and practically
makes the higher ranks unplayable which
in my opinion is completely unacceptable
but once again I understand why it's
there and I do have a solution for this
so a lot of people in the cs go
subreddit have already proposed this and
i think it's a very good idea and what
you're going to want to do valve is
release
another gaming call it csgo tournament
edition and you're going to pretty much
have to sign up for this and you're
going to have to buy it probably 10 15
bucks just around the same price as the
regular game maybe if you already own
csgo you get it for free but pretty much
what you're going to want to do on there
is put 128 take servers put a more
intrusive anti-cheat that guess what you
would have to sign up for and if you
don't want to sign up for it you can go
play regular csgo because guess what
valve is more trustworthy than the site
like ESEA and if people are willing to
let ESEA you have that intrusive type of
anti cheat they're sure as hell gonna
let valve do it because valve is a huge
and I mean huge company that you can
most likely trust the tournament Edition
would be for the players who guess what
want to take the game seriously and want
to overall improve because a lot of
people do take csgo seriously as I've
said earlier it is one of the most
competitive first-person shooters of all
time so a lot of people want to take it
more seriously but don't want to have to
sign up for a monthly service like ESEA
or have to play for a premium membership
on tivo just to get the experience that
they should be getting from the base
game itself I think this is a win-win
for everyone it would make valve more
money and it would make everyone a lot
more happy to know that a valve funded
game actually has these changes that
guess what the community has been asking
for for a very long time but this still
poses the question is matchmaking broken
the reason I think it's so broken is the
fact that like I said valves hands are
tied here if they want to create 128 six
servers and have a more intrusive
anti-cheat they're going to get a lot of
backlash and a lot more people aren't
gonna be able to play the game so I do
understand why valve does this but this
doesn't make matchmaking any more broken
but I'm grateful for the services like
ESEA and sieve oh and I almost never
mentioned them though but face it is
also another one for all you Australian
gamers out there I'm really happy for
those types of services because the
people like me and a lot of others out
there who want to take the game more
competitively and a little more
seriously their services out there for
people like us but yes matchmaking at
the higher rank seems to be completely
broken and it's fundamentally broken
because a lot of these features that
were implemented originally when the
game came out and guess what they're
probably gonna stay there for a while
and I honestly don't think the
tournament edition I recommended is
going to actually come into the game but
it's actually a really good idea in my
opinion and a good
thought to have hey guys what do you
think a matchmaking tell me in the
comments down below do you think it's
good the way this you think it's broken
do you think this release a tournament
edition tell me in the comments down
below and even like this video how about
you with that like button and if you
dislike this video for some odd reason
I'll do it that dislike button and if
you're new how about you subscribe but
yeah guys this is ben the chosen one inc
and once we do get 90 likes on this
video we will upload next one hey guys
it's been the show swimming and as
always peace out little vain no but I
hey little bit change what's the crazy
pit say don't fade away
my place of the famed over the hey
little bit change that's the craze keep
it say no fade away look at my place